so the oldest international picture in
the football calendar enters its second
century
in Scotland of match exactly 100 times
39 wins each and 22 draws absolutely
level a series which began way back in
the two captains bryan robson who should
know this walk by now captain at the FA
cup holders Manchester United
chemicals grants unas they captain of
Scott
this model
Samson
good efforts my buyer whose
still waiting for his first goal for
England Kenny Samson
what you will go forward as he did in
the World Cup with some success
we gonna flick on there and run in by
Robson
well it's almost like
England versus France in Bilbao isn't it
bro inflict on by butcher and Watson
finishing
throw by Kenny Sansom Terry Butcher so
dangerous in that position and
Bryan Robson at the England captain
returning to his country's cause with a
goal after 13 minutes see butcher there
with the flick on the squats couldn't
cut that out in came Robson Bobby Robson
brought the first goal in 1961 when
England won nine three and his namesake
gets the first goal in 1983 Cowan's
Francis again it's on for a shot from
Francis
they smell nail
lean about pushing forward into the
penalty area so his cowards there
knocked it back
usually relishing that opportunity to
latch on to the knock back
Otto
this is Neil
late
Frances that's a good cross and council
I didn't get all of it at all Neal tried
to pick away through Karen's
and England go-to nila
the ball ran loose and Gordon Cowen
swung his left foot and it was wide of
Layton
elicit and then mavar too now Blissett
in Francis to his rights and outside
here is the sunny layoff side
that Labor's outside
Brazil's made one of those curving runs
Graham Roberts should know a bit about
him playing the Spurs his scoff
and gray came in and wanted to leave it
for Brazil various
and Gus
and Scotland had two chances there Jimmy
and Brooke
no it was a great pity because it would
have brought the game back to life in no
small measure the crowd are very excited
by there are more spaces appearing both
ways now and this was the fine run by
Richard Goff theory drove it in
everybody's caught but Alan Brazil just
had to go out was too wide keeps it in
well I think maybe a little chip to the
far post would have done a lot better
but a sort of curving cross light there
made it very difficult their head in
from that distance but a good try
and here's Trevor Francis now on the
edge of the box and he shoots a nice car
and process
not have that goal allowed the referee
stepped in there and penalized him and
it doesn't count
the whistle definitely went while Jimmy
was talking and the goal does not stand
although Francis probably didn't hear it
actually the goalkeeper knew anyway
didn't die for it and the score is still
to nil
the Scots moving a bit better
advantage to Gordon Strachan and struck
it all what they could say
five pieces chosen
Mayo
MacLeish with the header not well
directed really Graham Roberts or worse
tremendous happen
Prabir oxen describing
Brian Roberts yesterday as being full of
metal the kind of player he likes
because Roberts having played in
midfield for Spurs he's not afraid to
come forward and try that
sexy
Square to Glen Hornet now can he country
something from this position bill nail
has joined the attack
that has been some good shooting on side
by England in this international
and if you look at
what Scotland have achieved at the other
end
I need to get into shooting positions
like this very often
Sansom inside again to huddle and bliss
it's made the run
it's not a very good clearance from the
modeling again Abbott shot Blissett
Chansey of apps for England
away as far as Cowan's Sonny ladies
coming in side knitting
it was an offside at the end so Sonny
Lee's shot would not have counted but
bliss it here on the left for England
and as the ball was played in for Cowen
shoots and Trevor Francis could even
have glanced that with his head but then
there was an offside
we are in fact in stoppage time now
England won the British championship
score of the second go
bryan robson score before he
Nene's first year as manager
points out of six in the British
championship
despite the Scottish support
their team never threatened to win this
match
Jacque stain may well say that the girls
came in a particularly good sign for
England
a bat saw him for his side early
in a child
but at the other end Peter Shilton role
of authority on crosses didn't have very
many shots to save